the A long, long time ago, someone declared
the role Men were born free and equal. And
that means or men that that means old women.
Everyone equal. There would be one set of rules
for everyone. A level playing field. Life would
be fair. But even if that were true,
one microsecond After we are bored, chance steps in
who your parents are. You enable the family's net
income you health use I. You looks once the
tyranny of chance start laying down the law. There
is no more level playing field. Chance is everything
. Ultimately we play with a hand. It deals
us this this the storey of a Jetta Shah True
, Rosh Patel. And these are the cars chance
dealt him the take just under a I you to
be the share of us Know that And here to
tell a storey a storey Yes, tragedy a tragedy
. I think I prefer the beating Judge Sanjay Mode
Wani Just sentence 2 to 4 years in juvenile.
I think you have time first. I was born
in Mumbai in the small small area of early.
When I was young, I knew nothing about the
rest of the world nothing during. It's not very
You really need to be quicker on. I am
the only son of a wonderful, loving, very
, very hard working woman named Searing Losh Patel,
Right. You have to stay late tonight. You
have to keep out of trouble. You can't keep
doing this. You can keep getting into trouble like
this. They will take you away. I am
a single mother. Do you understand what I'm saying
? They will take you away from me to keep
getting into trouble. Like this video causes you to
stop it. If they send you to gaol,
I will not go get. I will not eat
. Yo. Tow. Skinny. You have to
be strong if you want me to take you with
me to Paris. One day eight common each year
. Too skinny. When I was very young,
my mother always denied the fact that I ever had
a father. She claimed there was some kind of
miracle. Sam pay no magic, thank you very
much. And you, obviously at in believer tomorrow
mangoes looking and know daring. I mean, the
Maharajah Hotel and Grand president three sheets now files it
always so long. Purring is no. No No
, he is not. Stop asking. You cannot
ask me this question again and again. You do
not have a father so handsome mind Now, let's
repeat the continent. Before school, my world was
very, very small. We had no TV and
no intimate. My whole world stretch from a cousin
but took house to my cousin themselves. Nothing else
existed from. So as I learned about the rest
of the world, one of the most mind blowing
things I've discovered was I was no. How can
she? Via not poor at Window Skoula and nothing's
We are very, very were great because we have
one another, but that doesn't make we are going
to need to do some motive. It's very serious
. And one day at the doctor's office, I
made an extraordinary discovery and all the fringes of illegally
, just like the entire a mock election on the
roof in yoga, Galician for the big um of
collection. I then either come that the very my
bedroom would be the box or collect money. We
got comfortable. My favourite Connexion, the Corps Charity
Collection, resigned by a job. The Sunday Collection
, designed by the famous and designed by the extraordinary
A jackpot? No two things became very clear to
me. One, I was poor and two I
no longer wanted to be poor busy Have any are
the the for through the years Feed id all sorts
of magic Levitation Psychic surgery Hello, my friend.
Is this your first time in India? More and
more. The magic show was just a minor part
of our activities. Is this all we have made
? Yes. Next term. 40% not 40%.
This is my neighbourhood So Mm bye against So I
want you to eat The doctor says you must eat
at you have to be strong for me to take
you to Paris. We have no money to go
to Paris month I am taking you to Paris.
Who will take care of Mohini? Must Mohini is
blessed. You're not supposed to take care of a
she supposed to take care of you We are going
to Paris MMA tonight You're eating? Yes. Then
before we could get to Paris The bad news at
wrong Winnie, Just stop feeding So she never got
to go to Paris. No chance did not help
me out with that promise and my father's name was
fear. Andrey Martin. He was French from Paris
. He was a street performer like me. My
father wrote my mother, hundreds of beautiful of that
one office letter said that if my mother's parents ever
agreed to let her marry him, she should come
to Paris and go to the top of the hour
every Sunday. He would wait for her if he
wasn't there. She was too full the letter into
a paper plane and throw towards the city. It
would magically take her to him. Aye, bar
of some rupees from Kerry. We were going to
Paris. It's two. A friend of Find another
family. Watch over me, Mohini with nothing more
than my mother's ashes. A passport under fake 100
euro. I feel thousands of miles to Paris concert
of my father the first time in forest. This
That's perfect. He was infected. Follow me where
we want to go first. Some people want to
see the efforts our at That's one of your shots
, but 70 for dream of format as they got
jointly to Salou. Want to see the trophies?
A. Paris is a bust. Gifts for cities
over you will see it all for the first time
. The at the three offices. First time just
Randich Szabo. For the first time, these people
is the most beautiful 10 Your life You will tell
your shipments and you're grown shit Rand, about this
day you are lucky man issue are bear in your
country between Paris killing two taxi industry They are stealing
our drops is not right. You bear is now
we have to work is a gumdrop ones or weekends
? So what do you do? What is the
governor thinking? But then I realised this man was
stealing from thief. He was terrific. Polite,
lively conversation, very engaging personnel. I should have
been furious, but I was not. Because I
realise that for the first time in my life,
I was the rich tourist for number. It's an
honour and a privilege to have met, you know
, internal for me to admit. See soon excuses
Such a beautiful city and so many choices. So
where you want to go first? My favourite funny
Justo Head are best love seat ever. The extraordinary
Venta Demon collection DOA Kujan Collection The elegant chart and
collection The branch our collection Have you ever been in
love? No. You have been in love and
13 years old. He likes know Vina. No
, I don't. She's a senior world and the
It's okay. It doesn't matter if you're in love
with Davina. Okay? Okay. Anyway, due
to a unique geomagnetic field, love in Paris is
10 times stronger than anywhere. This for hundreds and
hundreds of years. Love in Paris has inspired many
books, films, songs, poems, paintings.
Have you heard of this? No. Or the
teacher in school. Don't go to school. You
don't go to school. Honey, I am so
sorry I'm late from work. It's just the traffic
was crazy and I promise to Hlynur Please don't be
married. Me I cooked for you will be delicious
. So I really have to test a living room
before buying them. Leaving homes are not just about
the designs, but about how you feel when you
enter them Time. Honey, I can't find the
keys to my car. Have found them. Oh
my God. By forces driving me nuts is the
fashion carrying Hani. How could he do this to
me with my own brother? What? No,
I am not you, brother. And I are
in Guatemala, Not not Guatemala on pregnant. What
because of Paris is unique geomagnetic field. Mehdi and
I bounded. Instantaneous. Why are a beautiful American
girl the interested in of a case from India?
I don't know. But chance finally seem to be
on my side that day. Marie, listen to
me when I told her all about India about the
colours and sounds actress tastes. It's hundreds of languages
, religious and customs about the immensity of Mumbai and
the charm of my small neighbourhood. One Li in
the deepest parts of India go since I lashed a
card, however, that really, really pouring us
. Consulting company CART worsen and Williams Why did you
leave Chicago? Why last was my best friend arose
a parent's Haider, and I think she's a bad
influence now. My parents blame her for me,
leaving my future husband at the altar. Yeah,
okay. I want you to have this in newspaper
clipping. Why? Because it's like a promise that
will see each other again. Since it's fairy very
important to make and and will have your man tomorrow
. Look a K But this is not a date
. Don't they ever I am here in Paris,
We we usually doing on the cheek. He was
thinking, Maybe I could become a must be in
. Why finer? I mean, you don't like
sleeping with women from I heard That's a pretty big
part of being a lesbian. I learn to like
it. You know, I hated eating broccoli when
I was a kid. Now eat broccoli all the
time and it's such a cool life year, 27
years old. I think he would've known by now
if you were a lesbian. I may have Mattson
. He did a girl. Since I had no
money, I chose to stay there for the night
existed. Um, it travels. I quickly fell
asleep. Unfortunately, I was misting. Chance was
still not on my side. Not told in the
middle of the night out of the 2000 pieces of
furniture that will and 15 different wardrobes, mine was
the one they had to pick. Chance was definitely
not on the Where are we? There have been
going. We're head into the land of milk and
honey, milk and honey. London landed. Yes
, where everything grows in abundance. But there are
cars, houses, job, dear. That's a
pure a thundering behaviour owner. Illegal immigrants. And
you are not. I am a tourist. A
tourist travelling in the wardrobe. Yes, You are
doing the famous wardrobe World ropes have great leg room
. Yes, I travel to Bora Bora in a
business class wardrobe. I'm from India. Seek Zavala
, Somalia There have been travelled for 18 months,
have been working for weeks and weeks. Actually,
in the beginning there were many more Overs in Libya
has been attacked by bandits. It's Muggle is think
our ship to minus from the Italian coast. Only
a few of his made it to the Italian.
Sure, then we across the French border. It's
on the five of us left. Why would you
go to her? Our families has been displaced.
Bye amidst And money to them is an embassy of
there is Africom for over it says he who's wallows
. Coconut has in his math or I don't see
that nor relevance. I love the programme. Hi
. What part of always have my passport? McKinney
Martini and is supposed to watch over me stores billing
to investigate Hold Raja, A famous Faqir from India
will give the fucking year. I'm gonna make my
friends disappear and reappear far away. Yes, I
must say right. Cooper feels Where is a one
? You look up the fatiha for some sign the
more funny business guy. I one a con like
this garden And we needed talking a I'm not with
this group. This man is right. No one
in this group is a part of this group.
Yes, Peace. I have to go back to
Paris with any commitment of So the shows? Yes
. What are you doing? That it was a
fake? No, it was about sevens. You
make people disappear. I make effect principles to That's
my part is not dwell on the partially What about
this real fake fake? Here is your pen fishers
. And as you can keep the love letter from
your father everyone written he kept national. Really?
Here is a map of the world. This is
England. There is no map. Yes, yes
. Usually we have a map here and there with
you not allow it. Yes, you not allow
Would Bia Do you understand English? We have been
speaking English questions part of our critical Yes. Where
do you You Where do you want to go Where
is if we send you back to France to be
right back here next week? A little handle face
and a brand new name on a brand. You
fake passports, but I don't want to come to
England. Is it? Well, no, you
lost generals. I'm gonna ask you to sign your
statement, but have not made any statement said alot
. You're serious. Rice again? I admit that
I stayed back in the Swedish furniture store. I
was afraid the meeting on a thief. I hidden
a wardrobe. But that was my only crime.
My mother is still there in Awas. She is
dead. Deny McMurray. You're not taking any notes
? No, No performers. We have a charter
plane booked for Spain, but not a single illegal
. Here is actually from Can you please just semi
pant Paris connecting India have shot sir. First day
Neat Bill that play You are a persona non grata
act. You need to go to bus alone once
. Please refrain from coming Clack five also Trey.
No, no, no, no. That's not
possible. I have to go back to Paris.
Gonna need you saying that. What? Sing it
with singing marries waiting a I felt are It's not
a date, but I will bring flowers and begging
you, boyo. Empathy, Help me! Go
back to Paris. Tha a the visit Malaga Top
pass with your best. How even play tennis with
I won't played in it. Two man shakes.
It's fact Send him to his native. These kids
love to rush the This beauty looks like Shakira.
It'll just Columbia. It's to not, um,
interior. She should go back to. So Cassa
. How many times were sites play. You're all
going to the command papers. No papers vanished.
Is anyone here from Spain? Anyone here actually have
any Connexion whatsoever to sign what got used? I
am British. I'm Swiss and we arrived in Barcelona
. Those huge, huge We're going on between Captain
and Inspector A the Aye, Most prepare A of
cameras. Total stop! We ended up as hostages
to this dispute. Prisoners? Yeah. Please.
Because you felt guilty for having sex on your first
day with Hue Insists is not an official date with
my view. Most definitely is unfortunately not given that
it's impossible to have sex with someone who never shut
up. Technically, that's not true. With acts
like Snapchat. You can send really hard pictures of
your news and that he walked the down and take
the picture of his woes. You messed up.
Why? Like you're aboard in marriage? Yes,
I am going there. Don't go there. I'm
already over. Think things. You complicate everything.
You're a stick in the mud. Ever since the
marriage fiasco, he has become the most boring person
in the axe. Live a medal in terrorists,
for Christ sake! He should become a life even
like me. You not a lesbian? Yes,
I am. It's all about the lifestyle, Marie
. I think about it. Excuse me. Sorry
. Something just is the way to the Trocadero Metro
station Sprint. So yes. Look at how's life
where How can be the same. People always get
all the chances in life. There is no such
Carne is everything. Karma is the reserve. I
must have been a real ass hole in another life
. Karma. The media didn't cover the storey.
No one seemed to give. We were stuck.
So what did you do? I worked on my
karma so I could get back to Paris and Yeah
, I need some new ideas for our cosmetics.
market. And as of Monday, Marie will be
our new VP Marketing. Congratulations march have is Wait
, we're celebrating. So cheers. Cheers to Europe
. What is a promotion and ends? And I
decided to move to Paris on a permanent basis.
How permanent. Wow, that's great! That's so
great. Peter's missing to Paris. Great. Yeah
, it's great. And he is peak, I
My life is perfect. It's absolutely perfect. And
then did you know that he carried me in his
arms for several blocks? Speak is I hurt my
files. And then he proceeded to massage my foot
with a guard like healing. And whenever we go
to a restaurant, he speak to the waiter in
their native tongue. Keith, can we talk about
this tomorrow? I think her main not be karma
. It works every time. In that confined space
, I felt the uncontrollable urge to right the storey
of Master Devon. Very wise and wonderful man.
I met when ended up. You've been to gaol
is my those. And there was even younger than
you. I was confined in a tiny cell with
no of bizarre. After a couple of weeks,
I was driven crazy by hunger, solitude, in
the fact I thought my mother would never want to
see me again. Attendance at the Gaol medal Gonna
douchebag Chaka, How long are you in for?
I don't give another having a window. I could
tell you what I see. Children are playing with
a ball in the street. It's market day.
Traders are setting up store Woman is sun bedding on
a balcony A mother is taking water to the Children
who are playing They're fighting over who gets to drink
first The boys and girls are playing cricket with sticks
in the desert To hear music in the making A
mess all around is a young man with a light
fear than pride. Clever is in love Can you
feel that bird singing like blue rare and yellow feathers
? His eyes are like tiny Ali's You are getting
out now. Monster Livia. For the longest of
times, I thought I would never meet Master Dave
again soon hours back on the streets with my cousins
Monster Diva Raja, Is that you? You blind
? Yes, I am lie, but it doesn't
. This ice couldn't see but it didn't prevent him
from seeing with his imagination out of the darkest moment
of my life. Master Deva created the most beautiful
Listen the Fed I was upset. Yes, I
told them you were very, very, very upset
. Does he know they're waiting from in Paris?
Yes. The re sheet is only one day.
That's July Well promised Just one day? Yes,
in Matthew calls and send you three emails and 22
texts. Maybe next time you won't forget to sag
Mir Too cold on jobs. Okay? And then
there is Mr Version. He needs to know if
you've read the fairytale scripts. And if he'd consider
playing the role of the which which Yes, the
winds. Everyone out. I hate Hello, You
don't? Why are you have naked in my trunk
? Have shot to ride on Akron. Kill it
back on. Sorry. You're a writer. Had
no paper papers for the matter. Your refugee?
Yes. Refugee at this is so touching. Thank
you. I was I was overwhelmed by your storey
But it also helped me to understand a great year
. I sometimes if you're blind just like your character
. Excuse me, The the the The director is
an idiot. No, no, no, no
! Nellie! Michael Sadowski is not a nickel.
Come. He is an idiot is Anita But Nelly
, we have to finish this movie If you don't
finish the movie, I am ruined. The direct
storey is on Egypt Kamath dinner. Then we go
out drinking just you and me. We're divorced that
you divorce of may We just need five days of
issues. No, I can't believe it. These
two young for you He's a liar and an artist
Who were these latest on his? Sure, it's
like the instance to fi poets on his Sure he
didn't have any paper? Isn't that a grand artistic
gesture? He took his shirt office back to ride
a storey. Why would anyone do that? It's
art. Yes Art Nelly, not Art Chan Kalla
wants to buy it. Why are we talking to
John Karr? What is it with John Carroll?
He calls me. Why does he call you?
He calls Giancarlo. Want to buy? Yes.
How much I can say. How much is he
paying for with them? Sure. Our freedom.
How much? 50 50,000 Europe. Usher. Well
, let's get someone to send us. Um,
Coz your first time in Paris lived here for two
years Please tell me anything. Anything I might do
to Maja Tree More enjoyable subsidy on to talk about
some soon to know. And I have a special
gift. I can read your future while you're driving
. Some people reads If you'd show in, the
leaves are greased A few jewel in traffic. And
what do you say right now? I e a
troubled back two years ago Really? Master up my
knife. And now I'm with a male who is
really nice. I mean, to be honest,
I don't even think it could get better. He
is creative and he's handsome. And he's Janet Hall
. He is pointing flowers all over Paris, and
now he's moving here for me. Have got a
lot of traffic, Sami. As someone else,
traffic doesn't lying itself. All done with this young
women as share a kiss. I agree. Doesn't
sound like much, but I can't stop thinking about
increase. Um, in love. Why did They
was really the question should be. Why did I
ever marry him? Why did you ever marry?
He was very handsome. Exciting, charming, powerful
, rich 12 m dangerous. It has an aunt
and the ferries to then he changed the I love
this place. It moves me how those coins represent
the wishes and drains of hundreds of people. I
love that. A constellation of hopes and dreams.
A chemical way have is from money. Throwing away
money seems very counterproductive. Okay, Yes, I
wish the magnet Quack it. Forgive me. Who's
that To my Jigawa? He was the love of
my life. A long, long time ago even
now one the offices by that I don't think of
what happened. I we can famous. I had
an affair. He found out in the newspapers it
was on the front page of every single newspaper on
the planet. In the reconciliation has to be just
a spectacular, you know, two. They're they're
a lump it to be they truly a thing.
Get a And with the together this season, love
, It's a finance man in the world from our
Gregoire. I want that. Sure. So afraid
of you don't appreciate arts. How can you say
that? Appreciate. I appreciate with permission count Why
Giancarlo White Always Giancarlo Weidong Kartal home. So how
much are you offering 100 for? Who's on your
gosh? Commas cold? Alfredo, Hes on Cadalora
as everything very good. Very good. I had
Nellie's in towns. You're maybe we could all ever
drink. Of course. Of course. Please call
me or Nelly. You told to her sometime.
I mean, you call her Nelly? No,
I am sorry for Fisher. What shirt? The
short storey. I bought the shirt but hell are
you talking about? I have to go charm.
Mr. Raja, give me back the money.
I said give me back demanding. Okay. The
No. I floated over room towards Paris. Even
had provisions two. I had time to dream about
the terror life. I would have the money I
had. Life was curtain travel for hours and hours
. It was beautiful. The winds seem to be
perfect. Hi, I'm a rich man. Them
about to die. This is the Indian security of
commerce and need to talk to Murray. It's an
emergency. Marie Therese. Um a shower. This
is a Jetta true. Used to our Arab at
the Eiffel Tower. Yes, but can leave a
message. Yeah, I am very, very sorry
for missing are the Eiffel Tower. Extraordinary circumstances made
things difficult the minute and, uh, we met
only once, but her case was inspiring. Please
tell us. Schelotto's know. Okay. Police teller
. If she never hears again from me. I
love her. Yes, I will. Always,
always, always lover. I love her. He
met someone else And yesterday they decided to move in
together. Can I change my message? Sure.
No message. Your life is a mess. You
need to sort yourself and hurry back to Pakistan.
Listen to your mother for once. I know just
when my life seems to be getting back on track
. Just I get some money that help me live
a decent life test want we have seems to be
possible and due to die an awful death. What
kind of car? Mazda. Stop blaming your karma
and take responsibility for your life. For you Main
. You are in control of your life. Not
chance. Our car. Now tell me what is
in the briefcase? It's a long storey. I
have all the time. I'm just trying to get
to Paris Rs You won't be there anytime soon.
We're going to Libya. Libya? Yes. And
what's a precious in the brief case that you won't
let go? It's It's just some some personal accessories
of ghost open it. Why? It's just briefcase
. What's with all the guns? Indian briefcase.
Okay. At that very moment, I summoned all
my magical powers to make the money invisible. Oh
, Panda Bears case. Libya had become the place
where it seemed All refugees ended up at one point
or another. Hurry during have recommend. What are
you doing here? I am fortunately, there are
one me in the land of milk and honey.
But I want to thank you. There were several
clandestine refugee camps, all people and transit. I
knew where the money was, So I asked if
they could help me get my briefcase back. That
was my money. I had earned it. There
was no way I would let the still Maya Hanks
and exactly when the money is okay. But everyone
, no violence. Understood. Prism Vallis. Thank
you. Thank you so much. Go back to
my wife. How the semanas a glaze UK toy
. It doesn't clear about the looks. The is
a spirit. Is the Gaza in the news world
? Rand A flows a much What are you doing
? Violent. Soaring with the evening Gaza. And
fortunately tonight, um, in a very, very
perfect let's go So how much do I owe you
and others? How much is in the briefcase?
2000 euros. 2000 euros. Well, as you
know, we're all in tries. It many are
running from war. How much? Last? His
wife? Two years ago in Mali, hailing how
much this side must get to Germany to find his
tune. Brothers. Okay. How much? She
was attacked by soldiers during the war. A French
affairs in process on bakery. So she has a
job waiting for her. Only she can give their
everyone of the acid rain and gives would feels right
. A few of my birth and sisters help me
last night Anyone with the hope A dream placed stand
in line? I may be able to help you
to have a ball hiking office at a seat to
earn money from a family That seems very reasonable.
Buy a boat area family. I need a plane
ticket to Brussels. Want to learn how to make
chocolate? Think? And then it happened. I
couldn't stop. I was all come by a feeling
of l B. As of a radiant. The
vapour cloud had appeared in submit chest and was spreading
throughout my body in front of all these refugees,
I succeeded in creating my greatest magic trick. How
is that? I transform 2000 euros into a never
ending flow of money. People win back to their
villages and everyone told the storey of right then I
understood water is really wanted. I wanted to come
home to India. I had just enough money to
buy my plane tickets under real fake passport. But
first I had one last important thing to do.
Is nice media Raja likewise taken? I am sorry
and light traffic was terrible. God damn! And
I slave away all their work is really too much
to ask for dinner to be ready. Four cuz
Wreath. I found the lecture and period, This
is Aja Aja Pier. Hi, I A season
54 years is good deal for such a fabulous mother
. It was only after this very difficult journey that
is realised what I wanted eventually succeeded in reaching a
deal with Jerry To pay back the money he believed
as a load Manik Lal Then I started DJ.
Each morning these kids show up and they tell them
storeys and make sure there was becomes a bigger and
they understand they are not. Pull Wayne across the
seat by merely standing and staring at it. Just
I promise. Digi Livia p in Seattle Try again
. Mediation have can go. And that is the
end of Storey. Any questions? Someone who loves
a woman when? Yes, Why distain the beginning
. Native Storey was a tragedy. You are going
to prison for four years. That is a terrible
tragedy. You are going to lose four of the
best years of your lives unless you seize this opportunity
. What opportunity? If you come to my school
everyday, you don't have to go to prison yearly
. Really? Yes. Yes, yes, yes
, every every day. And yoga. Whatever.
Your mother. Thank you so much for asking.
My mother's where she always wanted to be. Was
that a true storey? Only the important parts person
UK kabocha those Yura to buy our car. Okay
, A poofter Douceur hung and anger. Crazy love
shovel R a k a job. Okay, per
those You're a Yoko Buddha capita. Our cloaking a
both crucial hung and angle. Raisi election our pool
So tha and our a a a a ke Ghani
, See Hasta bootle you sure? Hong and anger
is love. Anger? Is ahah two there too
? They truly to tut a to Dhaka G.
What? Think a the and the and with way